[eks-prow-build] Clean up cluster-autoscaler configuration (#7151)
kubernetes/k8s.io: infra/aws/terraform/prow-build-cluster/docs/EKSUpgradeRunbook.md

# EKS Kubernetes Version Upgrade

## Control Plane Upgrade

> To upgrade the Kubernetes version, you need to update the `cluster_version` variable on the cluster's tfvar files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upgrade the Kubernetes version, you need to update the `cluster_version` variable on the cluster's `terraform.tfvars` file:
```

```diff
## canary cluster:
#infra/aws/terraform/prow-build-cluster/terraform.canary.tfvars

## prod cluster:
#infra/aws/terraform/prow-build-cluster/terraform.prod.tfvars

--- a/infra/aws/terraform/prow-build-cluster/terraform.canary.tfvars
+++ b/infra/aws/terraform/prow-build-cluster/terraform.canary.tfvars
@@ -31,13 +31,13 @@ eks_cluster_admins = [
 ]
 
 cluster_name               = "prow-canary-cluster"
-cluster_version            = "1.28"
+cluster_version            = "1.29"
```

After this change, you need to run `make plan` and `make apply` commands. (Checkout [IaC Document](./IaC.md) for more information).

## Worker Nodes Upgrade

### Karpenter

The current configuraiotn for Karpenter NodePool uses `amiFamily` setting. As a result, any new nodes provisioned after the cluster upgrade will automatically use the latest AMI for the new Kubernetes version.

> If you need to upgrade already provisioned nodes immediately, you should manually cordon, drain, and terminate those nodes to replace them with new nodes running the updated Kubernetes version.

Reviewer: We should document this process if possible. I think it should be enough to delete the NodeClaim object for the node.

Author: I tested on the canary cluster, and draining the node is sufficient. Karpenter removed the node automatically due to emptiness. Updated the doc accordingly, wdyt?

### Managed Node Groups

EKS provides [Managed Node Groups](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/update-managed-node-group.html) that are highly effective for rolling out upgrades. It is also recommended to run Karpenter pods on the nodes that are not managed by Karpenter.

> There is such node group called `managed-stable` on the cluster. In order to upgrade it's version, you need to update the `node_group_version_stable` variable on the cluster's tfvar files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is such node group called `managed-stable` on the cluster. In order to upgrade it's version, you need to update the `node_group_version_stable` variable on the cluster's `terraform.tfvars` file.
```

-cluster_version            = "1.28"
+cluster_version            = "1.29"
```

After this change, you need to run `make plan` and `make apply` commands. (Checkout [IaC Document](./IaC.md) for more information).

## Worker Nodes Upgrade

### Karpenter

The current configuraiotn for Karpenter NodePool uses `amiFamily` setting. As a result, any new nodes provisioned after the cluster upgrade will automatically use the latest AMI for the new Kubernetes version.

If you need to upgrade already provisioned nodes immediately, you should manually drain the node(s), Karpenter will automatically remove the node due to emptiness. Here is an example:

Get our Karpenter managed node list:
```bash
$> kubectl get nodes -l karpenter.sh/nodepool=default
NAME                                        STATUS   ROLES    AGE     VERSION
ip-10-0-125-19.us-east-2.compute.internal   Ready    <none>   4h12m   v1.29.5-eks-1109419
ip-10-0-164-0.us-east-2.compute.internal    Ready    <none>   4h12m   v1.29.5-eks-1109419
ip-10-0-4-161.us-east-2.compute.internal    Ready    <none>   4h13m   v1.29.5-eks-1109419
ip-10-0-53-105.us-east-2.compute.internal   Ready    <none>   4h13m   v1.29.5-eks-1109419
```

> Drain one of the nodes:

Reviewer: Can we clarify that this shouldn't be done if jobs are running, and in that case you should cordon it first, wait for jobs to be done, and then delete it?

Author: Ok, we will just cordon the node instead of draining immediately. There will not be new jobs assigned to the node, and Karpenter will take care of the rest when the node is "empty."
